Well, the hour is approaching.  As I write this, there are exactly 39 hours before LAN 8 kicks off.  I'd be programming now, working on the GuLP Messenger, but I'm tired and will be going to bed soon.

Really the point of this is just to let everyone know the status of gaming at the LAN.

1.  We will be setting up the network ahead of time for easy installation.  Just "Plug and Play".

2.  Everyone knows I need to save my money, that I tend to buy a little more than I earn, but not too bad.  At least I was smart enough to cancel my credit cards when I did.  So the point is I went to Sams today and bought another CD-R, for rapid production of CDs.  So today, my brother and I commensed copying everything we could get our hands on.  Here's the current list of CDs we have:

Red Alert 2 & Yuri's revenge -> 9 copies
Starcraft & Broodwar -> 4 copies each
Ghost Recon -> 13 copies
Diablo (yes the original) -> 2 copies (I thought I had more of them)
Quake 3 Arena -> 7 (making more)
Red Faction -> 7 disc 1's, 11 disc 2's (disc 2 is required to play)
Half Life -> 8 copies
Aliens vs Predator 2 -> 9 copies (more comin)

That's just what I have done so far, I intend on make more Quake 3 and AvP2 CDs (as stated) as well as the Gumm LAN Party Utilities CD, which will contain at least the following:
-Cracks to several games
-Serials 2000
-GuLP Messenger 0.22
-TetriNET
-Warcraft 1
-Possibly some MODs for games
-The forever unfinished and legenday South Shore map for Red Faction
-Few videos and sound clips, as well as important game patches (like the Q3A point releases).

So that's what we're looking at so far.


The GuLP Messenger will be recieving a few upgrades (however probably not by LAN Party as I'd like).  I'd like to see all of these features implemented at least by March 31:
Auto Update - will notify you if there is an updated version availaible
Web messaging - will allow a registered member to send you a message via the web
Offline messaging storage - will allow a message to be sent when the user comes online
Offline list - will list all current members who have logged on to the GuLP messenger in the last month (or whatever)
Transparency Slider - will control the opacity of the windows up to a certain point.
Docking - Allow the window to dock on the side of the screen, like ICQ
Messageboard Viewing - Will allow you to read messages through the GuLP interface rather than the web interface.
Chat Room - Pretty self explanitory
Encryption - I'd like to do RSA, but I'll probably just do some shitty self-thought up, easy to break encryption.
File Transfer - Send files to friends.


Food wise, we have a 5 gallon bucket of Pickels, 40 or so Pizzas, and to my knowledge, a ton of Juice.  And a pizza oven for the basement.


For those of you interested, my server got slammed at 10:39am Monday by the Nimda virus only days ago.  I've just finished recovering, but just in case, I plan on having a few copies of Norton 2002 floating around.

Alrightythen, Preparation for LAN 8 is fully underway, and it won't really stop except for sleep, until the party is over.

Get pumped, everyone will want to watch Slaw play my Brother in DoD, as well as play some Ghost Recon with Nghi as he shoots off 100 rouns a second to get our attention.  And we will be playing in a scaled down version of South Shore . . . Some info on that:

I had lost the original data files used for the Red Faction map, and my almost done version (11 theatres), but I was able to find the version that my brother and I played that has 6 theatres (it's more stable anyway).  As I've said before, Red Faction is an incredible idea, and implemented well on the PS2, but as a PC game, it severly lacks power and moddability.  The game doesn't even support true dynamic lighting, which makes the Doom engine in some respects more powerful.

But it'll still be fun to Bust up South Shore with Rocket Launchers and Remote Mines.

Alrightythen, I'm out to sleep jus to wake up and prepare!

LAN Party 8: Saturday March 9th @ 5PM

and

LAN Party 3 Squared: Saturday June 8th @ 5 PM

-Gumm

http://www.gummlanparty.net