What's up Y'all,
 
Welcome to the Gumm LAN Party Mailing List.
 
This will be my main way of constantly reminding you of the upcoming LAN Party rapidly approaching.
 
LAN Party 7 (referred to as "7") is scheduled for:
 
Saturday, January 5, 2002 Starting at 5 (this time I mean starting at 5, not 8 or 9)
 
Shit man, we're up to 7...wow!!
 
Also if you are planning on attending, please let me know and what computer(s) you plan on bringing, and the speed of each (at least 100 MHz, enough for Tetrinet).  If you need a computer, I'll have the Computers section done on the site soon where you can see how much it'll cost you to have me build you a computer (Trust me over a company like Gateway or Compaq, I'll get you GOOD and UPGRADABLE parts).
 
There is also a LAN Party scheduled for the week Warcraft 3 (the sequel to PCGamer's 1995 Game of the Year) comes out.  The Saturday War3 is released I'll host a LAN Party for anyone down with trying War3 before deciding to buy it or not (I guarantee The Asians and I will buy it opening day).  Watch Blizzard.com or GummLANParty.net for the official release date of War3.
 
You can check out http://www.gummlanparty.net for updates and information on upcoming LAN Parties.  (It's currently in the making, I'm still figuring out how to host my own ASP Server, it should be up in two weeks, and I'll email y'all then)  I'd also like to get a public forum going discussing games we should play and layouts and such.  I'd like to try some new games instead of playing Quake 3 every time.  Here's a list of games I'd like to see if we could get going at "7"
 
 
-Red Faction for the PC (there is currently a downloadable demo for PC, link will be available on www.gummlanparty.net)
 
-Rune
 
-Unreal 2 (if it's out by then)
 
-Alien vs. Predator 2 (There is also a downloadable demo available)
 
-Return to Castle Wolfenstein (Maybe it'll be out by then also)
 
-Counterstrike or Day of Defeat.
 
-TETRINET (more about this below)
 
-Starcraft
 
-Warcraft 1 (I'd like at least one game old War1)
 
-End List-
 
 
In terms of Tetrinet, I'd like to work out ahead of time a list of those that can bring a computer that's Fast (I refer to them as "Quakable", and those that will bring "Tetrisable" computers.  I'd like to set aside a section of 12 slower, "tetrisable," computers to have 2 full games of the almighty Tetrinet for those that want to play, or those that don't play PC Games.  As you all should know, Even if you hate computers, you LOVE Tetris (arguably the greatest video game in history)
 
I plan on having the "Projector Room" going as well, like the first few.  With an Xbox or Gamecube hooked up to it.  And I'd like to have a 2nd Projector Room setup as well (I plan on getting one myself).  Also for those who care, I plan on eventually building another computer for myself, a AMD 1.4 GHz, 512 DDR RAM, GeForce3(only the best), Sound Blaster Platinum 5.1 (You know me with my MIDIs and stuff).  I'm also considering attempting maybe RAID with striping, but not sure yet. 
 
For consoles, I like to have the following:
Atari
Nintendo
Super Nintendo
Genesis
N64
Dreamcast
PS2
XBox
Gamecube
-End List-
 
I also need the E-Mail Addresses of the following people,  if you know any, please let me know.
 
Von Gong
Kevin Boisits
Mike Nelson
Jake Maass
Kristen Forecki
Jenny Scheiding
Josh Rothman (Homer)
Matt and Jason De Witt
Melissa Graffenius
Gary Pond, Jr.
Ken (South Shore Manager)
Tony Do
-End List-
 
 
That's it.  Expect an update in 2 weeks or so.
 
-Gumm