The Date: Tuesday December 28th, 1999
The Roster: 	Me and Jackie (before we weretogether)
		Nick
		Sorrell and Carolyn (before they were together)
		Brian Stefanik and Mayor's Daughter (When they were together)
		Lueck
		Jason Dewitt
		Andy and Kristen (when they were together)
		Michelle
		Jenny Kachelmeier

I had already attended once this year, and it wasn't busy then, so we didn't need advanced tickets...

All 13 of us got all dressed up and loaded into our cars and headed off to downtown Milwaukee.  Except for Carolyn and Jenny, who were straight off work, and wearing thier usher tuxes.

When we got arrived at the Marcus Center for the performing Arts, we noticed that it was quite busy.  I took the liberty to walk up to a cashier's window (not in line, just looking for a sign of some sort), and I noticed a sign that read: "Single Seats Only."  We weren't about to break up a group of 13 people for a little performance of our intended concert: The Nutcracker.  So we went on our way.

Andy and Kristen had remembered that there was a play showing at the repitiore theatre, so we decided to go there.  None of us knew where we were going aside from "it's across the street from the Marcus Center", we went completely out of our way.  Instead of just walking acrosds Kilbourne, we decided it would be a good idea to Cross Water St., then Cross Kilbourne, then Cross Water St. again.  Things are looking bad.

When we arrived at the Rep Theatre, one of us, I forget who, walked up to the cashier window and asked it they had any tickets available.  They only had 2 left.

Great.

So we sat around for 15 minutes or so and thought about what we, this relativly large group of teenagers, was going to do.

An older lady walked up to Carolyn and Jenny and started asking them questions that obviously meant she thought the two girls worked there.  Ahhh... yes.. they are wearing tuxes... go figure.  They politely stated that they don't work there.

So we sat around some more, when someone got the idea to go to the IMAX.  Sure IMAX Sucks, but it's something to do.  So we asked the cashiers if there was something playing tonight, and they said there was a show at 8 or so.  Since it was rought 7:30 at the time, we headed on foot to the IMAX.  Of Course, I will reiterate the fact that we didn't know downtown very well at the time.  I'm willing to bet that at the time, I was most familiar with downtown in the group simply from my frequent Symphonies.  ANYHOO, we were on foot toward the IMAX.  Out of some dumb luck, our group was able to find the IMAX Theatre, don't ask me how, I don't remember, nonetheless we were there only 8 blocks later.

Of All the days, the IMAX Decided to make the only days it closes at 5, Tuesday.  Since today just so happened to be a Tuesday, we were out of luck yet again.

We began to realize this is one of those nights where everything goes wrong yet, somehow it's still cool.  I credit that observation to good ol' Brian Stefanik.