Yo.
 
It's been a few weeks since the last newsletter was sent out, so I figure I'd just give you all an update on things.
 
I haven't working on the Red Faction Map in two weeks week, I apologize for that.  I will get back on that.Its release date has been moved back to Mid-December.  I will be spending most of Thanksgiving weekend on that map, I believe.
 
!!!!MULLET PICS!!!!!!
Check 'em out, they're up.  That's right, the Mullet Pics are up Goddammit.  If you don't know what I mean, just go look, there's a "Mullet" menu option, just click on it.
 
!!!WANG CHUNG!!!!
Remember I need people to RSVP, the time is getting close and I will need to start seriously planning . . . LAN Party 7 is only in 2 months.  I'll need to start buying supplies (switches, tables, chairs, etc.). So C'mon, RSVP.  The password to RSVP is: [Edited out]
 
Even if you don't know what you can bring, computer-wise, still sign up.  For purposes of getting this to work you correctly, please RSVP.  I need some decent esimates, and I know there'll be many more than just 20 people there.
 
!!!!!VIRUS INFO!!!!!
 
I just formatted my Hard drive 4 times in the past 3 days because Windows 2000 was fucking up on my every time and I didn't know why.  Eventually I discovered that I had contracted a virus.  And it kept coming back.  So I figured it was something on my hard drive.  So I went and got a Win2K anti-virus, and learned that somehow I got it and it spread rapidly, attacking over 100 files on my server, I'm pretty much forced to clear out all the Warez from my computer.  Goddamn.  I gotta start fresh.  I'll have a copy of Notron 2001 full for everyone at LAN.
 
Now I don't know how long I've had these viruses, it seems only the last few days have they surfaced, but I may have had them longer.  I suggest anyone that has aquired any Software from me in the past month or so, that they scan thier shit throughly.  Castro, scan every computer on your network.  I'm not sure, but the Atari thing might have been infected.
In light of this new development, I will require that any computer that makes it's way to the LAN Party will be scanned for viruses before being added to the network.  I apolotgize if this bothers anyone, but if this virus had happened at the lan party, every computer on the network would be fucked.
 
Also worth noting:  This is the first time in my 6 years of playing on computer that I've contracted a virus.
 
Also, if anyone needs a computer for the LAN Party, I'm free to build one for you.  I've already built 2 for some LANs and 2 more on soon on the way.
 
Computer prices are dropping, as they always do, and the GeForce3 Ti200 is a bad ass Video Card at a decent price.
 
Along those lines, it seems that Red Faction wil be the game of choice at LAN7, so I would recommed you upgrade your computer if it doesn't meet these specs:
500MHz CPU AMD or Intel
128 MB RAM
32 MB Video Memory
 
If you don't know the stats on your computer, I am working on a program that will tell you that information, and compare it to the specs of games.  Maybe I'll also have it look up prices for you to see what it would cost to have your computer upgraded. . .  Maybe.
 
If anyone thinks they'll need a software like this, please let me know.  If no one says anything, I don't know if i'll make it.
 
That the bulk of the stuff.  Later.
 
http://www.gummlanparty.net
 
 
-Gumm
