I've had an inquiry from one of the list members:

What is "Prowling"?

Well let me tell you the story.  It takes place early last year.  I had gotten on this huge drive to start a business (as I usually am), to do a cyber cafe.

It was late, and I was bored and of course nothing except Denny's is open.  So I decide that I'll go scoping for some good places to lease on 76th street.  I like it at night, since there's no traffic on 76th street, unlike the day when 76th is one of the worst streets in the universe (3rd to Lisbon and 27th).

Now take note of my situation.  I am driving my parents Suburban, a big ass truck.  I am wearing slippers and a tux.  I look like a blithering idiot, which doesn't matter since it's late an no one sees me.

So I cruise on up to 76th and when I get to the first place, I notice already a cop watching me in stealth mode (playing off in the distance, rather than riding my ass).  I pull my big ass truck up to the first lease, and shine my brights in, and look inside.  A Little too big for my budget.

So I leave and notice the cop following me fro ma distance.  I turn into the 74th Street plaza (I don't knwo what it's called, but it's on the opposite side of edgerton from the Mall).  I find another place to watch.  Sure enough, also too big.

I do this a few times, all the while noticing the cop following me, when finally, as expected, he pulls me over.

"Do you know I am pulling you over?"

"My guess is that I look suspicious, eh?"

"Yes"

"Well, let me explain myself.  I know I look a little young, but seriously, I'm looking for a place to start a business, I'm sure you noticed that every spot I've been to was an empty lease."

"Yeah, I have.  What kind of business?"

"Have you ever heard of Virtual Gaming center on 60th and greenfield or somewhere around there, I wanna do something like that whjerer I get a bunch of computers and charge people to play games on them networked."

"Yeah I've heard of it.  Can I have you license?"

So I give him my license and he goes back to the car.  And this is where eternity begins.  I'm not worried or anything, I wasn't doing anything wrong, but the cop took a damn long time to process my license or something.

Aside: Now let's take note than I am currently in Greendale, the same city that Bres has been "pulled over" while walking in greendale.  The cops her are bored out of thier mind cuz there's no crime there, it's all rich white suburbanites.

Anyways, another cop pulls up next my cop.  A few minutes later another pulls behind the new cop.  A few minutes later, the one cop leaves and the one that came behind him pulls up next to my cop.  This most recent cop is a sherrif.  The cop next to my cop leaves and the sherrif pulls up, then the ANOTHER Cop pulls up.  Also a sherrif.  Finally the one sherrif leaves and the other pulls up next to my cop.  This is where things start to get REALLY annoying.  I notice that I can hear them talking . . . no, better, Chit Chatting.  Them useless dicks.  So I get annoyed enough that I stick my head out the window sort of to remind them that they have a job to do, and someone is waiting for them.  Over the PA, my cop says "I'll be with you in a moment."  Good, I have some recognition.

He finally returns (it must have been 45 minutes, I shit not).  He returns my license and begins to lecture me.

"I just want to let you know that I won't, but I could take you in for 'Prowling.'  I've taken your information as a precaution if anything happens to these places you stopped at."

"Thanks, but I've still got a few poalces I'm going to, so if you want to follow me or something, that's fine with me but all i'm doing is looking in empty spots."

"Well just don't do it in my town."

(my mind): WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU JUST SAY?  WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?  THIS IS NOT "YOUR" TOWN.  YOU ARE AN EMPLOYEE OF THE PEOPLE OF THIS TOWN.  THE MAYOR CAN SAY IT'S "HIS" TOWN, THE DISTRICT ATTOURNEY CAN EVEN SAY THAT.  BUT YOU, NO!

There was a little more to it, but it happened over a year ago, so it's not fresh in my mind.

Now I understand the cop pulling me over since I did look rather suspicious, however, 5 cops?!?  Somehow, i don't see the necessity in 5 cops.  there shouldn't even be 5 cops in all of greendale, let alone 5 of them on 3rd shift.

So that's what prowling is in Greendale or Greenfield, I don't know which is which, they're both "Southridge City" (coined by Unger).



Yes, this is the first mass mail that did not involve games, so whatever.

Gumm LAN Party 3²:
Saturday, June 8th, 5:00 PM.

"a Whoooooooo wants-a some Wang?"
 -Lo Wang (Shadow Warrior) 


http://www.gummlanparty.net

-Gumm