South Shore Map

With the vast majority of you being or having been employees of South Shore Cinema, many of you will appreciate this new map I'm making for the new game "Red Faction."  It takes a while to build maps with this engine, but slowly but surely it will be done.  It's projected release date is November 30.  No promises, however, I might hafta pull a Blizzard and push it back 2 years or something.

On the website, there are screenshots of the new map, and it's progress.  Please check it out, I'm spending a LOT of time on it - close to 6 hours tonight.


[This section edited for undisclosed reasons, don't ask, I won't tell you anyway]


Motherboard Screen

I have had some complaints of the main screen (the big motherboard).  I ignorantly made the picture, not realizing the picture is 271KB while on dial-up is like 3 minutes.  This was obviously turning people off to my site.  So I've cut down the size of the main picture to 84KB, so it should be much better now.  It has, however, lost some it's detail.  So if you have a problem with it, let me know, I'll whip some kind of "High Bandwidth/Low Bandwidth" selection upon entrance.


Various

Also, I think I'm going to scrap the survey thing until later.  It's pretty dumb, now that I think of it.

Additionally, the forum has gotten pretty dead.  I think we need some Slaw-action to liven things up, or better yet. . . Soik !! That's right, Mr. Soik, you should make a post, let us know you're out there.

One last thing, RSVP please.  I know I ask this in every Mailing, but please, I need to calculate networking supplies and things like tables.

The Password to RSVP is: [Edited]
This time it's right.

About having a fast or slow computer to bring, I'll be making a program for you "I don't know anything about computers" people.  This will tell you if your computer is fast or slow.  Now keep in mind, even if your computer is fast enough to play Quake, that doesn't mean it'll play Red Faction.  I will be able to make something that will tell you what you need to do to play Red Faction, as I both think and hope it'll be the big game at LAN Party 7.

I still need the following email addresses.

Tony Do
Jake Maass
-End List-


K, It's time for bed.

-Gumm