The complete assembly language source code for the SVGAxx libraries (SVGACC,
SVGAPB, SVGAPV & SVGAQB all use the same code base) is available for license.
See the files "ORDER.FRM" or "CHARGIT.FRM" for pricing information. When a
source code license is purchased, you will receive a disk that contains the
complete assembly language source code files, make files and batch files
required to generate any of the SVGAxx graphics libraries. Please note that
you will need additional programs to create a library. At a minimum this
includes an assembler and a library manager. Our code was written to utilize
the following with no modifications: Microsoft Macro Assembler Version (MASM)
v6.00b, Microsoft Program Maintenance Utility (NMAKE) v1.20 and Microsoft
Library Manager (LIB) v3.20. For PowerBASIC, the PowerBASIC Object/Unit
Librarian version v3.00c is also required. Later versions of these utilities
should work without any problem, however some modifications of the make files
may be necessary. The source code is provided "as-is" and we are under no
obligations to help you use this code with your assembler, compiler, linker
and/or library manager.

To purchase a license you must purchase, or have purchased in the past, a
version of the SVGAxx graphics library. You must also agree to the following
source code license agreement. Please read it carefully. Purchasing a source
code license constitutes your agreement to these terms.

License Agreement for the SVGAxx source code.

This License Agreement is a legal agreement between you and Zephyr Software
for the SVGAxx source code (SOFTWARE).  By purchasing, installing, copying,
or using the SOFTWARE, you agree to be bound to these terms.

The SOFTWARE is protected by copyright laws and international copyright
treaties.  The SOFTWARE is licensed, not sold, and may not be rented or
leased. United States Government Restricted Rights: Use, duplication or
disclosure of this software and documentation by the U.S. Government is
subject to the restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the
Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013.
Contractor/manufacturer is Stephen L. Balkum and Daniel A. Sill, P.O. Box
7704, Austin, Texas 78713-7704.

You may modify, for purposes of designing, developing, and testing your
Application, this SOFTWARE.  You may not distribute the SOFTWARE, or any
modified version of the SOFTWARE, in source code form.

You may not modify or remove any copyright information in the SOFTWARE. This
includes both comments and actual code.

You may reproduce and distribute the object code version of the SOFTWARE
provided that it is distributed as part of your Application and your
Application adds significant and primary functionality.

You also agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Zephyr Software from
and against any claims or lawsuits, including attorney's fees, that arise or
result from the use or distribution of your Application. No warranties are
expressed or implied.  In no event shall Zephyr Software, Stephen L. Balkum
or Daniel A. will be held liable for damages resulting from the use or misuse
of this product, including but not limited to implied warranties of fitness
for a particular purpose.


